VOC-42103: First attempt at renaming everything (#79)
foreseecode/verint-xm-cordova-plugin: README.md

    Once you have that key, you should set two environment variables on your machine: `GITHUB_USERNAME` for your username, and `GITHUB_PERSONAL_KEY` for your personal key

> 2. Add the Verint SDK to your project 

Author: References to this product should use the word 'plugin' instead of 'sdk', as per Cordova conventions 
```suggestion
2. Add the Verint XM Cordova Plugin to your project 
```
